Washington, where Army Secretary Robert Stevens is being questioned by members of the Senate
investigating committee.
We take you now to Washington.
Did he make any use of that he had discussed as to Mr. Gold?
Yes, I think he mentioned that some thing of, I don't know whether it was that or some
other time I think that he mentioned it sometime.
Did he mention to you that Mr. Gold was to aid him secure in a position in the industry
of the movement?
No, there was a law partner, no, he did not.
What I got it was that there was a certain amount of shall it call it banner or something
about that, about the law business.
But has this so-called banner taken place in your presence?
Yes, sir.
Did you ever hear Mr. Adams suggest to Mr. Coleman that private practice would be looked
upon, replaced with this time?
I know it is.
Your information then relates to the information that you secure for Mr. Adams.
That's correct.
Mr. Chairman, I have no other questions at this time.
However, I would like to make one comment that my opinion the hearings are dragging on
pretty slowly.
I am afraid that we will go on now.
There won't be all of it here until later today.
And it's my suggestion that unless we can move much faster, I'm going to suggest that we
have nice sessions.
I can take a no better way to speed up ahead.
I wish you could think of another way.
I have no questions at this time.
I would like to comment however on what the Senate part just said.
We have about six principals here and a good many other witnesses.
They are getting added to additional testimony, come to them, pictures, problems.
Especially me like we'll probably be here all summer.
I would hope that everybody in our team does understand the position of Mr. Stevens and the
position of those opposing you.
I would hope that Chairman and the council will keep the questions relevant as possible and
make it possible for us to get additional witnesses on the stand and all so that the
key sharing will be closed.
The earliest opportunity I could think you would agree with a comment of my colleague from
Michigan.
That's a nice session.
Anything and everything except the IP sharing I would be for.
That's all I have to say at this time is, Chairman.
Senator Dwayne-Sat.
I trust you are not unintimidated by our colleagues.
The concern of the other members of this subcommittee that the hearings be expedited as much as possible.
So that we can go on to more important business.
Time to get through.
Now let's back to you.
Mr. Welch, nothing at the moment.
Can you imagine or at least you can.
First, we have a gathering of our 100 bodies to get through with the United
States.
We have a couple of questions so we can go through.
This is quickly possible.
Mr. Stevens, nothing at the two-star general for the last semester.
We have a full panel of opinions.
Another full panel is right.
You get five of the number one in June.
You have to generate your own, generate the back, generate the reaver.
I'd like to know what these mean here.
They're here in case they may be needed in connection with getting the facts in this case out before the committee.
I wonder if you do this for me, Charlie.
One of your case give us the names of all of the military personnel.
But they are jobs in the Pentagon and the fire they are here.
It looks like we've lost a member of the department.
We have their needed employees.
Do you have any information that they should be here?
We're out of time now.
We're going to go to 111.
Did you have one of your lawyers?
Make a list.
Especially with jobs in the Pentagon and their jobs here today.
Do you want me to identify any officers?
I have to go right now.
One of your counsels will do that.
Give me a list.
Now, we're going to go to the president.
What was the gentleman that was planning to get his brother to the Senate?
Don Adams, job was with the department of the Army.
He was the counselor for the department of the Army.
What was your attorney's decision?
He was assigned as a liaison between the department of the Army and your committee.
Did you know who failed?
Did you like your brother?
He was suspended.
I told Mr. Adams that I wanted to cooperate with the committee.
The limit of his and my ability.
I told him that the different world is doing with his men.
I never remember talking to Mr. Adams that.
He was a great, good little, the, uh, hearing student.
We have covered this 24-hp on the McCarthy Army.
I'll be honest with you all right again.
I'm assuming the government is different.
I don't think it's different.
I'm very clear about it with the day.
Did you want the hearing suspended?
Did you keep it a secret?
I wanted the Army to have the right to take over this investigation and avoid one.
Let's run it down to make reports to you.
And for your investigation to continue on.
Did you want the first to suspend your article with hearing suspended?
Senator, I probably just so much do you want me to keep going over again?
I just would like to be answered by a person.
I, Senator, I am trying to remember my authority to get the voice of the committee the truth.
And I think if you'll tell me to do that, we can go on faster.
But I find myself being able to do it in few, the way you have these questions.
What the great thing would work out is that I've justified so fully on the thing.
And it's all a matter of record right now.
We are here to have our lightest suggests that we go back over the record.
Get out the answers.
And that's the testimony.
Mr. Jim, the United States may have a suggestion.
I'm not a light man.
The first thing to be the very first thing with respect to a civil matter.
We will say a kind of the secretary, even though his repetitions merely acts of the question.
And then your suggestion is he desires.
I may really address this guilty in tolerance of the plan of Senator Carter to speak these years.
I'm just, I said that I would, I would put the box for you.
I put the box that I was very cold.
But I thought that the fourth monmer of hearings, the way they were being conducted,
had served their post.
And I would like to have the Army, Mary on the hearings, carry on the investigation,
and make the reports to you before you know the way you want us to do it.
Have you ever heard of the General?
I'd like to, I'm not having a investigation, but let our panel be in the business of running down the cases
within the process of running down.
Which of the secretary, if you want, will hear you as your spenders?
I want to spend it here.
I wanted the title of hearing that you are conducting suspended yesterday.
You want to know our hearings to spend a legitimate, I wanted to have the title of hearing
that you are conducting suspended.
But when I used to do the training, if you want to continue holding hearing,
you can have different types of hearing.
If you have held a title here, which would have given the American people,
and the people in the United States Army, a more accurate evaluation of what the situation was,
the fourth monmer of our had no judgment, whatever.
But you did won't be hearing the re-revolving suspended.
Are these of that type, yes?
Did you do anything to add them if you wanted those hearings to spend?
I don't recall having told them that.
I didn't keep anything of secret problems, but I know that I did not recall having discussed that particular point.
You know they are talking to the veterans about the wounds that were getting the hearing suspended,
or different types of hearing.
I don't recall specific discussion on it.
It was my idea that these hearings were getting out of hand,
and they were creating a very unfamiliar question in the minds of the public,
and of the Army, and of the facts for it, before the monmer.
Did you discuss that with your own arms?
Yes, I discussed that with the audience first.
Sure.
You want to do germs, those two trying to get the hearing suspended?
No, I would not say that was correct.
I would say one of them.
I would say our collective job was to handle the Army's core.
The Army's core operation with your committee, and the first way that we possibly could,
but that we also had a responsible order to make sure that the news had run out to the public,
or some real good relationship in the facts.
Mr. Circuit, I just saw you.
You will be aware of what your previous defense applied to me.
You will hear from the elderly, because the money is going to be so bad,
and I'm in the play opposite, but I think this committee will miss you,
but to submit the sender, I record the Justice Department,
I think all of us should keep that in mind.
Some of the either-hazard banner will be guilty of poetry,
but it's not a muted side food.
Just so you will be aware of what your previous testimony made in 4.42,
and the United States, Mr. Jankin, the President.
Mr. Jankin's question, the water is raining,
and that you did not ask the son of her to stop the investigation of 4.1,
but rarely to suspend it and give you a chance to carry it on.
And then if you fail to take over again, is that correct?
And sure that is correct.
You've left your testimony today.
Sir McCarty, I think you know that my testimony is.
I've got over it and over it and over it.
Well, if you took the question very seriously, did you have it?
We chose to spread into the hearing of the coming of new filtration
at the Red River Forest.
Sir McCarty, I've been over it and over it and over it.
And if you show me, you may want to allow, I'll continue to go over it.
Sir McCarty, I want to, I said that I thought that the type of hearing that you were holding had served its purpose,
and that the Army should have the right to carry on and run these things down themselves,
make progress reports to you that your investigation should not be suspended,
and that we would do the job to the best of our ability.
And have you been in any service before since the hearing of the coming of the infiltration or suspended?
I think we've been in close touch with your committee at all on.
Have you made any progress reports to me?
What?
Something to be hearing versus suspended?
What's the idea you're talking about?
Anytime from versus suspended.
Any day, well, I think that we've been in close touch, John Adams,
has been in close touch with your staff by straight along.
The record will go right off.
The question, have you made any progress reports?
I know that I've been told there's how many people you've suspended since we, since we've been in the hearing.
I've pushed along the building.
I've pushed the flash without a public.
In other words, the only progress report you've viewed was the progress report on the nuclear tank and the sports examination of that tank.
Now, I wouldn't say that's the only progress report.
Well, have you given us this progress report to talk about it?
Time of Clackin, I didn't give you progress reports personally,
but I knew that John Adams was in close touch with your staff and that information that you've was available that you wanted
that we could properly give with these applied.
If you may, you can give them the progress report in today.
Since the hearing of the evidence of suspended, how many security risks have you suspended from the radar laboratory, if any?
I'll have to check that sign of the car.
I gave, so how long will it take to get to the experiment?
I think we've got the information available here with one of our people.
Let me then.
Mr. Chair, I have a fantastic act to ask for that information that we are making available with as swiftly as possible.
I would like to be testing when I want to try and get ready to recognize Mr. Steven Dingo, if he has it.
Now, if not, if not, when will you have?
I am under the impression that it can be furnished to the security at this moment.
Am I right Mr. St. Clair?
Mr. Dingo, I'm going to tell you one more.
The story will be fine.
On the giant of the fireworks.
I request that all the gentlemen and gentlemen be here to the time that we appreciate the annual time and doubt.
Mr. Chairman, I would like to make it as much as I have requested that of yesterday that the Army submit to this committee a report as to the exact situation with reference to the suspensions.
Our fourth model, that if the conclusion of the interrogation of Mr. St. Clair by Senator McCarthy, I believe that the report is not too lengthy, that it will be ready in the records if the conclusion of the interrogation.
That should be said.
If you send him a graduate, he will not come out of your tracks.
Sorry, go for a seat.
I'm going to have to ask you a few questions.
Just to be a good progress report, we know that's correct.
We have a report that sounded attacked on that for a couple of months before the one you left for.
How many of you are going to have your suspenders since our investigation?
We'll come with some suggestions on the way to the library and then we'll come to 35 for the investigation of the progress.
I think I talked about the other day, Senator, that we suspended six, higher to up to 80, which was the formal day of the opening of your executive committee.
That's 29, that's the, that was you wanted to.
29, that's the day's correct, the last we made.
The date of the first hearing was on run.
August 31st.
August 31st, the investigation of the other one before that, is a month away, if you had suspended new one until we commence the investigation.
Check that out from find out.
I don't know, because I say my understanding of when you're hearing started was not on over eight days.
Although I know that you had work going on before that, I didn't know what started.
We were going to move to a separate area of your family, did you suspend the first one?
Sorry, send your family to fire.
We went back to council.
Chairman, I think you're fine.
I think we agreed that you might have a date until we have this time in response to Mr. Jackson's question.
Would you like to go first, sir, so I read this.
Doesn't make a good difference to me, Mr. Secretary, as you've grown, to be.
You may meet now, and so do you may know fairly, by the before, for either Saturday, Saturday, or Saturday,
to be stated to be prepared to be prepared before we leave, Mr. Schienel, be seated, so we have a set of letters being responded to the event.
Mr. Chairman.
I don't know if there is a question that I'd like to know how many of you have been reported on the distraction panel.
For you, you've got to go first, and then we'll talk about the security.
No, this one you're going to fire, at least, is prepared by the police, and it's the ability to commit to the US.
Chairman, I just received a copy of what I bought three minutes ago, because I requested it.
And as much as I have requested it out of yesterday, and it's been understood that it would be a better fail hole.
This hearing, I think, of all the red and the red. I assume that the department of the army have extra copy.
The reason we're going to meet now is because I received a letter from the committee staff,
and the committee staff has informed me they received it from the panel.
I just want to see.
It's right and straight this morning, and I received it within five minutes.
Mr. Schienel, we have a couple of things to do together.
The meeting of the first district response to the question is one of the questions left.
But it will be for a letter, the heading of this is for a month, the cases.
Okay, you may be.
May I read the question that I think will be relevant to all the data that you've received for the meeting?
Let me read the questions from the record of yesterday.
I thought Mr. Schienel had only helped, which is responsible for the report that he's about to read.
This is on page 582 of yesterday. Senator Jack.
I wonder if Mr. Schienel would you be good enough to give to the committee a statement without reference to the individual's name.
The general nature of the allegations against them and a summary of the action taken to date by the Army.
For example, whether any of them has been reinstated, whether some of them have been fired, how long it will be before there is a determination.
I make this request of you, Mr. Stevens, because this matter has been kicked around in newspapers.
It has been discussed.
Here in the committee, the American people, I think, are pretty confused.
No one knows the true nature of the situation with reference to these 35 people.
I do believe it would be helpful if the Army could submit a statement outlining the present status of the fourth model of the situation as to the suspended personnel for the old material.
I think it might be well to get to the consular of the committee also a classified statement, which could not be released.
But only for their guidance and for information is not for necessary because of the classified material.
The Secretary of State, from Senator, we would like to submit anything that you want and within a limit of private, private, and natural practice that applies will do so.
I think that concludes this.
If that is the unremarkable fact that you have just guessed it, I think that is the end of the day.
I will take you to the slide to look for the management action.
We should wait until the investigation comes around.
The financial law, the hammer, hold more.
It takes a long time.
I don't think we should.
Yes, we will.
When these counsels are in profound depression on these, I'm going to be fine.
I'm not sure if I have any money, but I'm going to be fine.
Still is my way of further close examination.
You have testified as we understand it that you retain Mr. Adams as of approximately October 1st.
Yes, sir.
And you assigned him to the special duties that were there to deliver all the VAs on the officer between you and the committee.
Yes, sir. He was the Department of Counselor of Mr. Jenkins.
And that was one of his jobs. He had other jobs, of course.
That was one of his principles.
Yes, sir.
Jobs, as we understand it, Mr. Secretary.
That's right, sir.
Now, as that time when you had known for approximately one month that the MacArthur Committee was investigating the infiltration of communist and supersonic forces,
in the first Army area, including Fort Mama, had you not met, right, sir?
And as all of the date of your attention of Mr. Adams, you, as I understand your testimony, have made overtures to the MacArthur Committee to suspend their investigations,
and do not conduct any hearings and to allow the Army to carry on that work.
Is that correct?
Did you say the former stratum came with me?
I say that as of my question is this.
Please state whether or not, as a Ottawa First, the dates of your attention of Mr. Adams as counsel,
you have known that the MacArthur Committee was investigating the infiltration of communist and supersonic,
at that security rate in the first Army area, including Fort Mama, is that correct, yes, sir?
And you have discussed that situation with Senator MacArthur and his staff, as you might be, Secretary, yes, sir.
On several occasions prior to October 1st, the date of Adams's attention.
That's right.
And as I understand your testimony, you have not, as a Ottawa First, that is prior October 1st,
made overtures to the MacArthur Committee to suspend that investigation and to allow you to do it.
No, sir.
You have not?
Mr. Secretary, do you guys know about October 1st?
Well, that investigation to the MacArthur Committee suspended?
Actually, Mr. Jenkins, the Fort Mama investigation, as far as I'm concerned, started on 8th October.
And I'm as relatively little about it if anything else about October 1.
But as I understand it, you have learned in Montana from the newspaper accounts that Senator MacArthur
was investigating three security risks in the first Army area, is that correct?
But not a Fort Mama, all right.
Fort Mama, the escort Mama, included in the first Army area, yes, sir.
Then they think we're in that if he was investigating.
The subject in real estate in the back security risk in the first Army area, that was in Fort Mama,
was what it now has to work.
And you can leave it in Montana that he had three men under investigation in the first Army area that you're not.
Two men and one one, are very well prepared.
And you can do something like that.
And you can do, initiate a conference with Senator MacArthur.
And you can do this, sir.
Here is a list of the exact same things in the investigation of real estate persons that you're not.
I came back, Mr. Jenkins, to get information about what the trouble was and try to get the work on it with him.
Where did you do what I have asked you to do with him?
From the office room at the Senate Office Building in Washington,
the future has been bringing you a special coverage of the congressional hearings,
and Senator Joseph Park for Montana was started over,
and I think, are any members of staff, these three persons of public who had read in Montana as a dead, they're well?
And did you at that time, to get to Senator MacArthur,
that you had an agency equipped to investigate him,
and that you would take the matter and hand yourself in conduct and investigate him with those three persons?
I told him we'd investigate it, but I didn't say anything about it.
It's not investigating them either.
But you claim that you will do so. Oh, sure.
You betcha.
You said nothing about his washing his hands, so to speak,
if that's work and allowing you to carry it on,
this was the first contact I had to understand.
Well, at any time between that first contact about the 7th or 8th of October and the date of retention of Adams,
did you talk to the secretary to Senator MacArthur on other occasions?
Yeah, that's a great experience.
That's right.
I thought the investigation was the first time he had...
Yes?
And did you at any time, during that period, suggest to remain,
that you refer to people living in the grip to carry it on,
and will he please step out of the picture and allow you to leave?
No, sir. I always suggested that we were well equipped to carry it on,
but I never suggested his step and all the questions.
Did you want to step out of the picture?
No. And allow you to do that work.
The problem arose over the Fort Monmouth investigation, sir.
You appreciated the fact that he was worth investigating the first time he had ever...
The process was somewhat of a new prediction of your work.
Did you not miss a day?
May the judge like to make sure that the very firm is on the different side of the region.
Combine with the committee rules to take any pictures that are going to take
in a new position or sitting down.
We generate many complaints from the television audience
and from the television people,
and all the cameras are getting at the back and the...
...and the first time he had a chance...
...to finish.
I'll put this to the left.
I'll put it to the left.
I have to ask you.
I'm for sure.
You know, maybe you're the certain kind of witness to remain in secret when you think you're pictures.
Unfortunately, due to the fact that the role of pictures there,
I missed that question.
And the last Mr. Jenkins repeated that I simply wanted to be sure this time that our...
...forgives us a friend from life as a rule.
You see, you've left the investigation...
...our standing-in-the-carrier of the first Army area...
...was a institution of your work, our infusion and economy, to any state.
Now I didn't feel that way about it.
So as all of October 1st, the date of the retention of Mr. Adams...
...you have never requested a suspension of either an investigation or a name.
As far as I know, I never had.
Well, what is your...
...unamisdistivation, as far as you know?
Thank you, give this committee a direct answer to that question.
I think I can assure this committee that I did not do that.
When I was on, I just thank you little relegator.
Your answer was parliamentary.
And was your remedy?
Now are you saying that...
...it is your best recollection that you have not been...
...had not been it?
Are you saying that you go over my...
I...I...I...I...
...say him and I just don't think I did any such thing, Mr. Jenkins.
You just don't think you did any such thing, though.
Mr. Secretary, when did you first ask?
Either Senator McCarthy or any member of his staff...
...to please dispel the operations, their operations in the investigation...
...our fourth month of the first Army area.
What was your first request, Nate?
I...I...I...I...
I will think that I ever did exactly do that.
You say now, I'm warning, we've never given a request for suspension...
...of the McCarthy investigation.
That's the...
...the...the...the...
...no other...
...never requested a suspension of the investigation.
All right, well, maybe I'd misunderstood you here for this, Secretary...
...and I'm not going into details and I'm not going to read the record...
...because the committee will remember what your testimony is...
...and I'd be an area of body.
Very well, Mr. Adams did come to you...
...and was on your staff as a doctor with her.
That's right.
And one of the duties was to establish...
...shake better relationship than to assume the committee wasn't.
No, sir.
I think I had a fine relationship with the committee.
Mr. Adams' job was to help me maintain it.
You can cut it off.
Well, keep your relationship with the committee as you've often referred to as fine...
...and have much to do to you.
And you have no complaints.
Then, while you're getting the specific issue of bringing the remain...
...from Mr. Jenkins, the answer to that one is...
...that, as Secretary of the Army, all of the terrific number of duties...
...and responsibility, we should say, exactly, for the extent worldwide...
...that the largest department that the United States government has...
...must have terrific powers to carry.
And that the liaison work with the committee was naturally a time-consuming one.
I had carried it from its inception on the 8th of September...
...through the month of September, and when Mr. Adams came...
...I had to relieve myself of that in order to carry on with other parts of my job.
Now, the second thing you were at...
...and I've regained a media excerpt.
Well, when you're not with Mr. Adams, came to you on our paper first...
...used specifically as you to use.
All the duties, with the democratic committee, just being without a position...
...or as a suspension, I did not do that.
That is your answer now.
And as I recall your answer here before, I've been that you have no recollection of it...
...and didn't remember that, sir.
Now, your country has been the same.
I've experienced a many things over the past few years.
And you say now that we've been proud of this is that you did my right to be driving to the light.
That's right. Did I create it? Yes, sir.
Mr. Secretary, stop being your opinion is the mean of us being honest.
Spine, use your instinct to the truth, and then...
...a sigh and a sigh of voice, a vast security reach, there is a good answer.
In your trust relief, I believe there's no one but 13 to the left to make us correct, sir.
From the beginning of the answer.
You speak into the truth that there was no one else as human in the army.
That's right. I have no other than 20 kindos to an island for a month.
But what about these things, sir?